>> Steve Kinney: So what are we going
to build, is the next question.
We're gonna build two applications
in a few different forms.
We're going to build a little mini
text editor which renders mark down.
And you can kind of see the scope of
it from those buttons along the top.
We'll be able to open, read,
and write from the file system.
You can't do that in the browser.
Or we'll write to the file system,
that would be a terrible idea in
the browser, so on and so forth.
We'll be able to trigger okay, open this
into whatever the default application is.
And for you, that might be a very
different text editor than it is for
me, but
luckily your operating system knows what
you want to open up markdown files in.
And so it'll basically just ask the OS,
hey I want to open this in
whatever text editor you use.
I'm probably the last Text Mate
user on the planet so
it'll open in that on my file system.
But you can also show
the file in your file system.
A bunch of stuff that you
could not do in the browser.
We're also gonna build this
application called Clip Master,
which is gonna be a little
clipboard manager.
So you can read and
write to the system clipboard.
We'll actually be able to persist it
using a SQLite database that'll live
on the file system that
we'll talk to directly.
So that'll be a native module.
And this'll also be done in just,
effectively,
baby's first React app as well,
just to show how we can transpile SAS, and
typescript, and
Babel in our Electron apps.
And this is what I was talking about
earlier, we'll have a build process and
you'll barely even notice.
This will be application
that will do that.
And then just for
kicks we'll take this application and
we'll make it a menu bar application
that lives either in the system tray
on Windows or Linux, or
up in the menu bar on Mac OS.
So then you would have this clipboard
manager not have it be a full app that you
have to command tab to.
This also will support global shortcuts,
so you'll be able to hit just a keystroke
on your computer from anywhere and
it will write to the clipboard manager.
If you wanna take
the most recent thing and
put it back on the clipboard,
we'll add a keystroke for that as well.
So that'll just be, you can be
anywhere in your operating system,
hit this keystroke and
interact with this application.
It'll use native notifications,
so on and so forth.
We'll also cover writing
integration tests.
How can we fire up our application,
have Selenium go poke at it,
press a bunch of buttons,
and see what's going on?
We'll learn to then, at first,
when we're developing the application,
we're gonna spin it up
from the command line.
And that's neat, but eventually
we're gonna wanna give to humans.
And to say, hey, mom, I made this really
great app, just open the command line and
make sure you have Node installed.
Cool.
[LAUGH]
That's not a great user experience.
So we'll talk a little bit about packaging
the application for distribution.
We won't get into stuff like code
signing cuz that involves money and
very operating system-specific things.
So we'll have to kind of just
talk about that briefly,
we won't go all the way into that.
And then I think the scariest part
about distributing an application is
once you install that
application I hope it works.
And if it doesn't, we wanna know.
So there are built in ways
of getting crash reports.
So will look into how to tap into that.
So once your application goes out
on the world you can be confident
that it's doing the thing it's supposed
to do and not just falling over.
Cuz it'd be better if you knew that the
application was crashing before you just
find really,
really angry people who are telling you.
One way or another,
crash reports are gonna get back to you.
But ideally, if you can patch it first,
that's better.
And then we'll write our own
custom way of tracking uncaught
javascript exceptions as well